Serverless launch 1 docs updates (#7984)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/_index.md

---
title: Serverless
kind: documentation
aliases:
  - /graphing/infrastructure/cloudfunctions
  - /graphing/infrastructure/serverless_functions
  - /graphing/infrastructure/serverless/
  - /infrastructure/serverless/
further_reading:
- link: "/integrations/amazon_xray/"
  tag: "X-Ray Integration"
  text: "AWS X-Ray Integration"
- link: "/integrations/amazon_lambda/"
  tag: "AWS Lambda Integration"
  text: "AWS Lambda Integration"
---

> ## Overview

Reviewer: I can find the asset for this

> ## Overview

Reviewer: fixed

Serverless is a concept where you write event-driven code and upload it to a cloud provider, which manages all of the underlying compute resources. [Datadog Serverless][1] brings together metrics, traces, and logs from your AWS Lambda functions running serverless applications into one view.

> Make sure to check out discussions going on in the [#serverless][2] channel in the [Datadog Slack community][3].

Reviewer: fixed

> Serverless is a concept where you write event-driven code and upload it to a cloud provider, which manages all of the underlying compute resources. [Datadog Serverless][1] brings together metrics, traces, and logs from your AWS Lambda functions running serverless applications into one view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Serverless is a concept where you write event-driven code and upload it to a cloud provider, which manages all of the underlying computational resources. [Datadog Serverless][1] brings together metrics, traces, and logs from your AWS Lambda functions running serverless applications into one view.
```

unsure about this one

## Getting Started

### 1. Install the AWS Integration

> Start by installing the [AWS Integration][4]. Once this is completed, view all of your Lambda Functions in the [Datadog Serverless Homepage][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by installing the [AWS Integration][4]. This will allow Datadog to ingest CloudWatch metrics from AWS Lambda. The AWS integration installation also configures the Datadog Forwarder, which is required for ingestion of Lambda enhanced metrics, custom metrics and logs. 

Once the installation is complete, view all of your Lambda Functions in the [Datadog Serverless Homepage][1].
```

> Start by installing the [AWS Integration][4]. Once this is completed, view all of your Lambda Functions in the [Datadog Serverless Homepage][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by installing the [AWS Integration][4]. This will allow Datadog to ingest CloudWatch metrics from AWS Lambda. The AWS integration installation also configures the Datadog Forwarder, which is required for ingestion of Lambda traces, enhanced metrics, custom metrics and logs. 
```

> Start by installing the [AWS Integration][2]. This will allow Datadog to ingest Amazon CloudWatch metrics from AWS Lambda. The AWS integration installation also configures the Datadog Forwarder, which is required for ingestion of AWS Lambda traces, enhanced metrics, custom metrics and logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Start by installing the [AWS Integration][2]. This allows Datadog to ingest Amazon CloudWatch metrics from AWS Lambda. The AWS integration installation also configures the Datadog Forwarder, which is required for ingestion of AWS Lambda traces, enhanced metrics, custom metrics, and logs.
```

> ### 2. Instrument Your Application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 2. Instrument your application
```

{{< partial name="serverless/getting-started-languages.html" >}}

## Not Using AWS Lambda?

### Azure App Services

The Datadog extension for Azure App Services provides tracing capabilities for Azure Web Apps. For more information setting up tracing in Azure, see the [Azure App Services Extension documentation][3].

### Google Cloud Functions

> Google Cloud Functions is a lightweight, event-based, asynchronous compute solution that allows you to create small, single-purpose functions. To monitor serverless functions running on Google Cloud Platform, you need to enable the [Google Cloud Platform integration][4].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Google Cloud Functions is a lightweight, event-based, asynchronous compute solution that allows you to create small, single-purpose functions. To monitor serverless functions running on Google Cloud Platform, enable the [Google Cloud Platform integration][4].
```
